docs(Crashlytics): Fix broken links (#5922)
invertase/react-native-firebase: docs/crashlytics/crash-reports.md

'Quality' and start reviewing the reports as they come in. If this page still tells you to setup, build or run your app
then you have not correctly setup Crashlytics in your app (see [Usage](/crashlytics/usage)).

> > Keep in mind when testing out Crashlytics that Crashlytics is [disabled by default in debug mode](/crashlytics/usage#enable-debug-crash-logs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Keep in mind when testing out Crashlytics that Crashlytics is [disabled by default in debug mode](/crashlytics/usage#enable-debug-crash-logs). You may even find a more in-depth guide useful if you are really struggling with testing your crash report integration - we have (an article about configuring Crashlytics in that case.](https://invertase.io/blog/react-native-firebase-crashlytics-configuration)
```

> > Keep in mind when testing out Crashlytics that Crashlytics is [disabled by default in debug mode](/crashlytics/usage#enable-debug-crash-logs). You may even find a more in-depth guide useful if you are really struggling with testing your crash report integration - we have (an article about configuring Crashlytics in that case.](https://invertase.io/blog/react-native-firebase-crashlytics-configuration)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Keep in mind when testing out Crashlytics that Crashlytics is [disabled by default in debug mode](/crashlytics/usage#enable-debug-crash-logs). You may even find a more in-depth guide useful if you are really struggling with testing your crash report integration - we have [an in-depth article about configuring and testing Crashlytics to help you.](https://invertase.io/blog/react-native-firebase-crashlytics-configuration)
```
